Add Zarr Geo Projection Attribute Extension specifications and schema (#39)
EOPF-Explorer/data-model: attributes/README.md

# Zarr Attributes Specifications

This directory contains detailed specifications for Zarr attribute extensions that are registered in the [zarr-extensions repository](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-extensions).

## Overview

> Zarr attributes are metadata stored in the `attributes` dictionary of Zarr arrays and groups. While the `attributes` dictionary can contain arbitrary metadata, this directory provides specifications for commonly used attribute conventions within the Zarr community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zarr attributes are metadata stored in the `attributes` object in Zarr array and group metadata documents. While the `attributes` can contain arbitrary metadata, this directory provides specifications for commonly used attribute conventions within the Zarr community. These specifications also define the structure of a Zarr hierarchy, e.g. the layout of groups, the names of the nodes in the hierarchy, and the properties of the arrays.
```

## Registered Attributes

### [`geo/proj`](./geo/proj/README.md) - Geo Projection Attribute Extension

**Status**: Proposed  
**Registry Entry**: [zarr-extensions/attributes/geo/proj](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-extensions/tree/main/attributes/geo/proj)

Defines a JSON object that encodes datum and coordinate reference system (CRS) information for geospatial data stored under the `proj` key within the `geo` dictionary.

**Key Features**:
- Simple, standardized CRS encoding without complex nested structures
- Compatible with existing geospatial tools (GDAL, rasterio, pyproj)
- Based on the proven STAC Projection Extension model
- Group-to-array inheritance model for CRS metadata
- Support for multiple CRS representations (EPSG codes, WKT2, PROJJSON)

**Specification**: [./geo/proj/README.md](./geo/proj/README.md)

## Contributing

For changes to attribute specifications:

1. **Content Changes**: Submit PRs to this repository for specification content
2. **Registration Changes**: Submit PRs to [zarr-extensions](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-extensions) for registry updates

> 3. **New Attributes**: Follow the [registration process](https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-extensions#registering-an-attribute) in zarr-extensions

Reviewer: _This_ seems like the right place to mention `zarr-extensions`, because people contributing new specs to EOPF-Explorer/data-model should also consider registering those specs at `zarr-extensions`

Reviewer: we might also indicate that every specification should have an _implementation_ defined in this repo. This ensures that the spec can actually be implemented.
